LIsa Anderson: Sorry.
Aiko: It's okay I'm gonna let me know that you have a password. I think that he can
Aiko: Sort of disable that from his end. But for now, I'm gonna we're giving the this number to the patient and I'm going to be transferring the host to you so you can admit him. So there is a waiting room for this. Do you want me to disable that or it's okay.
LIsa Anderson: Um, I think I guess you can disable it since we're already running behind. I'm sorry.
Aiko: I don't know. I'm sure you did.
Aiko: The first one I
LIsa Anderson: Think you
Aiko: I'm going to disable the waiting list for this one. Or I can just wait for him. Hold on, let me just wait for him.
Aiko: And I'll, I'll wait for him and then I'll pass the host to you when he comes in.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, thank you so much.
No worries.
Aiko: Oh, there he is. So I'm gonna fit him, and I'm going to pass the host to you. Okay.
Aiko: All right. Okay.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, bye. Thank you.
Stevenk Campbell: Hello.
LIsa Anderson: Hi there, Mr. Campbell. I am so sorry if there's
LIsa Anderson: A glitch on my end. I really apologize for keeping you waiting
Stevenk Campbell: Oh. Oh, there you are. Okay. Alrighty. Hello. Um, it was just busy, just like really busy for a couple of minutes, you know, had to rush around what it was. Okay, it's been it's been all right you know
Stevenk Campbell: Ups, a lot of downs and, you know, just trying to maintain life.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, well, is that I apologize if if you are waiting for me there on on your end, but I'm glad. Glad to see here now. Um, so let me just kind of get from you, Dr. Gabrielle had asked me to meet with you.
LIsa Anderson: And a touch base. I know you've been doing groups with her and you've met with another therapist in the past.
LIsa Anderson: Right wanted to see where you're at now. And, um, how I can help you and kind of how we can start moving forward from here.
Stevenk Campbell: Okay. Did Dad, did she say
Stevenk Campbell: Like why
Stevenk Campbell: The therapist. Did she give you any feedback on that or reason towards that.
LIsa Anderson: You know, I'm kind of I'm getting a sense of, of where you're at and sort of what your goals are.
LIsa Anderson: And maybe just seeing if you and I would be a good match to work together.
LIsa Anderson: You know how how that would work.
Stevenk Campbell: Okay. Um, basically my goals is to actually just maintain my program and keep working. Take care of my son.
Stevenk Campbell: I've been doing a lot of traveling so I'm trying to like get myself established and
Stevenk Campbell: City that I choose you know that that would you know incentive benefit my career, which is I'm a chef, but I'm also doing truck driving now. So, you know, going to school for truck driving um
Stevenk Campbell: So that's basically one of my goals in and to get my son back from this a hell of a long divorce, you know,
Stevenk Campbell: It's like you have that completed and and focus on other things and
Stevenk Campbell: That's basically really it you know
Stevenk Campbell: And just maintain my meetings but you know I have had counseling.
Stevenk Campbell: In the past I hell of a lot of counseling.
Stevenk Campbell: Because I had a trauma. I'm still kind of you know in in and out of it. You know, I have night terrors here and there, from
Stevenk Campbell: My girl was murdered. When I was young so it like really well. When I was 17 so that kind of like altered my life, way, way, way, way out of the way. I took a different route from what I was in. Oh, so. But as far as I
LIsa Anderson: Can I
Stevenk Campbell: Have you know that's where I'm at right now, you know, just trying to maintain and and you know get through this little virus thing that just popped up with us. And, you know,
LIsa Anderson: It's
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, that's worldwide. So I know that can't be like too much of the reason. Everybody's going through that. It's just how we handle it and maintain it and look at it.
LIsa Anderson: Hey, well it sounds like you know I'm very sorry for your loss that the death of your girlfriend was a really a you know a huge loss for you.
Stevenk Campbell: Know,
LIsa Anderson: One of the things you're still working on, but it also sounds like you know you're going to keep working as a chef and the the truck driving is that new for you.
Stevenk Campbell: I mean, yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: Well, now
Okay.
Stevenk Campbell: Well, yeah. Right now, we're all out of school. So until it becomes online. So that's, that's where that is.
Stevenk Campbell: But yeah, I mean, I'm always going to cook. You know, that's my passion is cooking and then I can also drive. And so, you know, I've been driving since I was like nine years old. Oh, yeah.
LIsa Anderson: You're feeling like that's a good source of kind of something you feel competent about that, you know, you'll always be able to do
LIsa Anderson: Yes, joined us.
Stevenk Campbell: We know people got to eat and, you know, people got to supply the food. So, you know, by staying to that area. My passion, then I know I will succeed, you know, I tried other things. I also do music
Stevenk Campbell: We own three labels. I haven't pursued that in with what about three Python three or four years now since I've been fighting for my son back and a being going through this divorce.
Stevenk Campbell: And, you know, as far as that is taking care of my mom, my pops to my granny. You know, because they're they're over the age right now and they need a little bit of help on my side.
Stevenk Campbell: So it's my brother and my sister. You know, they're twins and my sister stays in Texas.
Stevenk Campbell: And my brother, he's, he has seven kids. They both have seven kids so you know they have their own things to do. I only have one so I can put in more time for the family and for myself family and, you know, try to maintain
Stevenk Campbell: My, my career in my life, you know, and do what I do best.
LIsa Anderson: So family really is really high up there for you.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, yeah. That's, yeah, that's what keeps me that's what keeps my drive and my focus and the growth that I've been dating for the last
Stevenk Campbell: 15 years you know because I've been married for 15 years but we haven't been together for 15 years, you know, so it's been that's been a world trip right there, you know,
Stevenk Campbell: But you know it is what it is. I took it for what it was worth in and and and got the best out of it and made the best out of it and still and still are still, as you know, I'm still doing that, you know, that's going to be a lifelong thing right there.
LIsa Anderson: Isn't really positive influence for
Stevenk Campbell: You. Yeah, yeah, she's, she's helped me through my struggles, I'd help her do her struggles I just recently moved her back to California, because that's where we were.
Stevenk Campbell: At one point, so you know we we send us drive in and do bet a bigger things and better things out there. You know what I mean there's there's more opportunity for us out there to grow and
Stevenk Campbell: And succeed in our, in our area of expertise. So I moved her back out there. So right now I'm just, you know, I'm I'm maintaining what I have to do here in Albuquerque first and then I'm headed back out that way.
LIsa Anderson: Okay. So would you say that's maybe another long term cool you were able to get her to California and just for more on it.
LIsa Anderson: And then you'll join her in the
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, in the future, you know,
Stevenk Campbell: Not too. Not too long in the future, you know, longitude relationships don't work but mind seeing to never have problems, you know, we
Stevenk Campbell: We always connect and you know we stay talking on the phone we stay on video chatting. There's so much things nowadays that you can stay in touch with your spouse in a different in a different area.
Stevenk Campbell: So that's, that's a good thing.
Stevenk Campbell: You know, but as far as my, my focus is, is my program, you know, cuz I've been popping PILLS. Since I was 19 years old you know I
Stevenk Campbell: Had a long a long childhood, you know, violent childhood at that but you know that's what kept me out of trouble was basically being off of my medication.
Stevenk Campbell: And that's what you know kept me at home. Most of the time where I wasn't out there, committing crimes and and doing bad things.
Stevenk Campbell: You know that kept me in the school, you know, focused on my, on my books. I graduated with a 4.4 I went to college for two years.
Stevenk Campbell: I maintain my grade average. They're also went to cooking school graduated from that, you know, she's, she's, she's helped me, you know, ever since I met her 15 years ago.
LIsa Anderson: She's been a really kind of stable and positive influence to you're
LIsa Anderson: Trying to, you know, just accomplishing your goals as far as your educational goals. Okay, so how long
LIsa Anderson: It'll be before you guys will be together again.
Stevenk Campbell: I'm looking at this virus thing. It was a it's the implant for like a year.
Stevenk Campbell: A YEAR OLD
LIsa Anderson: Video Chat and
LIsa Anderson: You know you're connected
Stevenk Campbell: In the media.
Stevenk Campbell: A year ago, so
LIsa Anderson: That and put that on track for you that you know maybe sometime in the next year you'll want to join her in California.
LIsa Anderson: And about, you know, work out there, see what's going to happen with your truck driving schooling and get that maybe going online.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, so that's kind of up to the school right now.
LIsa Anderson: As far yeah to get that
Stevenk Campbell: I was
Stevenk Campbell: Job was actually just on just on with them this morning of transferring transferring to a location out there. But, right, like I said, like right now everything is online so
Stevenk Campbell: You know, there's a few opportunities that I do have an LA, which is I'm going to take one of those and just do it from here for right now is just being we do all the paperwork and everything, because a
Stevenk Campbell: Census viruses. You can't really be out there with trainers and and you know that social distancing thing really has a toll on what what it is that I'm trying to pursue and, you know, we already own a trucking business and my family so
Stevenk Campbell: Then that's based out of Texas, you know,
Stevenk Campbell: Originally from Fort Worth, Texas.
Stevenk Campbell: Okay.
LIsa Anderson: And then your son. How old is he now.
LIsa Anderson: 15 okay so that's still still your goal to try to get, get some contact with him.
LIsa Anderson: And we'll put that on the radar as well. Okay.
Stevenk Campbell: Well, we obviously we stand contacting and I mean that's that's that's an every week thing we have to be in contact. You know, I have to talk to him. But as far as like him. Staying like staying with me.
Stevenk Campbell: That's where, that's where it is cuz you know his mom is, you know, very, very insecure when it comes to that and very, you know, positive
Stevenk Campbell: As towards me being in his life. But as for him like leaving her house again because he stayed with me for seven years.
Stevenk Campbell: So since he was a baby like he was with me until he started going to school and she can collect taxes. So that's where she came in Step back in, you know, and I gave her that opportunity and now I gotta fight for him to to to have him come back into like my household so
LIsa Anderson: Okay and and would you say your sobriety really ties into all of this.
Definitely
LIsa Anderson: Sort of hinges on your recovery. Right.
Right.
LIsa Anderson: So, um, you know, you mentioned your girlfriend being a really positive person in your life. Sounds like your extended family to that that you help care for you mentioned your aunts and uncles and and your grandparents are local as well.
LIsa Anderson: And then that since your brother and sister have a lot of kids.
LIsa Anderson: They rely on you a lot.
Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: Let's kind of, um, I had looked back, um, Mr. Campbell at some of your previous notes and just kind of what some of your previous goals for, um,
LIsa Anderson: You know, I know you had talked about your music as well. Is that something that you still feel like you're pursuing or is it kind of on the back burner.
Stevenk Campbell: Whether it's on.
Stevenk Campbell: It's on the back burner. I, I actually do my music whenever I have like, you know, a little bit of free time, you know, I write my poetry and then
Stevenk Campbell: Just recently I wrote like three songs. You know what I mean, you know, they got to be protected, but you know they're rough draft says as a right now.
Stevenk Campbell: So, um, but like whenever I have a little bit of free time out of everything to clear my mind. That's my meditation is doing my my news. Okay, you know, writing down my feelings and thoughts in it, you know.
Stevenk Campbell: Like song titles and and suddenly meanings to solve it stuff and you know go from there and build on that.
LIsa Anderson: So that's your poetry and that's kind of your meditation. So would you say that's a good coping skill for you that you're able to kind of process emotions process thoughts that way.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: Okay, yeah. And it all comes out on paper.
Stevenk Campbell: You know,
LIsa Anderson: Well, let's let's keep that one there. What about you know you mentioned your meditation. What about like any spiritual factors or considerations that that I can help help you navigate or help
LIsa Anderson: You know that you'd like to work to address.
Stevenk Campbell: As part of their spiritual factors, not, not really, you know, I am a spiritual guy you know what i mean i i do you know condone any and all that. But as far as like, I don't
Stevenk Campbell: Do like the church thing so often I do my own. I do my own reading into the Good Book, you know, let me. So it's like, it helps it helps is why is talking to my family members like my grandma and
Stevenk Campbell: My parents. They're, they're really into that. So, you know, just talking with them. I get. I get that comfort from that, from, you know, learning from like
Stevenk Campbell: Because we're Baptist. So I get that comfort food from them from that. You know what I mean. But as far as like getting out there and going to church and all that I
Stevenk Campbell: Was
LIsa Anderson: Talking to your grandparents. That's a big aspect of of what it means to you and how you kind of practice spirituality and
Stevenk Campbell: Right to you.
Okay.
LIsa Anderson: So definitely, you know, keeping in touch with your grandparents, keeping in touch with family, you know, doing what you can do to help out.
LIsa Anderson: You know, that's no would if you would say was that be a goal or maybe just something that's just so as we're kind of talking something that's important to you, but also something that sounds like these are really positive people in your life.
LIsa Anderson: Really good.
LIsa Anderson: What are
LIsa Anderson: Your
Stevenk Campbell: What I wouldn't take it as a goal right
Stevenk Campbell: And I mean, that's the because I you know don't pursue it enough for that, um, you know, but I do, I do, you know, look into it. And when I feel like you know the man I need to to to do my
Stevenk Campbell: Prayers and all that I do those every night. I do those most of the mornings. So you know I do keep that like really close, but it wouldn't be like a goal. You know what I mean.
Stevenk Campbell: Like more like
LIsa Anderson: So just, you know, maintaining, you know, maintaining your relationships with your families.
Stevenk Campbell: Right, you know,
LIsa Anderson: Which, you know, of course, things are are different now than we're used to.
LIsa Anderson: But you know video chatting or just being that emotional support you to them and they to you as well.
Stevenk Campbell: Right.
LIsa Anderson: You know, kind of those people, places and things
LIsa Anderson: You've heard about that.
Stevenk Campbell: Of course,
Stevenk Campbell: You can take both the
Stevenk Campbell: Us so many ways, the people, places and things. And I mean, they can trigger a lot of a lot of emotions. I can trigger a lot of drug drug induced
Stevenk Campbell: backtracks and memories and stuff like that. But as far as like with the family and all that. I'm, I'm here and I'm like, they're in the next couple of rooms.
Stevenk Campbell: So unlike that close to them right now. You know what I mean. So I sold like i said i we sold our house and moved her out there and I came back to the house to help them build and make sure they're stable before I leave here so
LIsa Anderson: So what about places. Are you feeling like you're you're living in a safe environment you're living in a sober environment.
Stevenk Campbell: Oh, I'm in. I'm in the safest environment that I can be in like
Stevenk Campbell: Right now I'm in the
Stevenk Campbell: More safest environment that I can ever be, you know, so I'm surrounded with, you know, the loving
Stevenk Campbell: Family Care of my parents. My parents, been there for me to do all the horrible shit I didn't skews my language. All the, all the stuff I've done in my life. Like, I mean, and they've been there so
Stevenk Campbell: You know, they know we we have a very good strong bond to that. So, you know, I mean, and they're, they're all for my recovery and everything, you know, they helped me through my recovery, they
Stevenk Campbell: They give me the give me the tools and and the strength to get this stuff done. Even though when I don't want to do it they they pushed me to do that. Regardless, you know what I mean. So yeah, I'm in a I'm in the stable this environment that I can ever be in besides my own house.
LIsa Anderson: But, you know, you really have that support right now when when you're still, you know, still kind of working through things so. Excellent. Okay, and what about things like any any things that are
LIsa Anderson: Coming up for you right now that have
LIsa Anderson: You know, brought about triggers or negative thoughts or or any issues around those sorts of things.
Stevenk Campbell: Um, as well right now is the only thing is like being secluded like be like being stuck.
Stevenk Campbell: You know, being stuck in this quarantine thing that's my yeah that's that's a big trigger for me because you know I've done a lot of I've done a lot of jail time. So when I'm stuck in the house for too long. I get to
Stevenk Campbell: I get to Wigan out a little bit because I got to move around another man I I sat down. So many times so many so long. You know what I mean. So that's, that's one of my basic triggers, if I'm, if I'm secluded for too long. Then I get to thinking other bad things.
Stevenk Campbell: But being in this environment that I am in
Stevenk Campbell: At the house that I am at I'm not able to do the things that I normally able to do when I'm secluded
Stevenk Campbell: So though those are those are pretty much basically not triggers anymore. It's just a fact. I could just go outside and and meditate and
Stevenk Campbell: And drink my coffee and and read a couple verses and I'll be I'll be straight in about an hour to do my sunbathing you know workouts and all that good stuff. But as far as
Stevenk Campbell: Danes is is I lost my car and I left a car and out in Arizona, which is, I don't know if it's still there. You know my cousins are very they're not responsible. So who knows if it's still there.
Stevenk Campbell: But the car that I had out here. I don't have any more. So, you know, I'm having to walk in right now walking in and use my parents car. I don't like that. That's a, that's a I always had a car like
Stevenk Campbell: Literally that's that's a
Stevenk Campbell: Very bad trigger. So if I have to call somebody for a ride and stuff.
Stevenk Campbell: That's, that's pretty bad because most of my friends are you know they're they're in the gang life they're there. They are criminals, you know, I ain't gonna lie, and I mean
Stevenk Campbell: They're, they're fresh out of prison, most of them. And those are my like my real real solid friends. You know what I mean, I don't have really
Stevenk Campbell: Like regular friends. You know, I don't live that regular life. You know what I mean.
Stevenk Campbell: It's just far as like my co workers and stuff like that. But we don't see each other, cuz we're not we're not working away. You know, I mean, we can't go to work. So, you know, and so I pretty much stayed to stay solo stay solo by myself. Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: So yeah, maybe transportation situation, maybe stabilizing that would give you a little more confidence, just as far as feeling like you know
LIsa Anderson: You're landing on your feet.
LIsa Anderson: And definitely you know a lot of a lot of things have changed. There's some uncertainty. So like you said, as far as as being cooked up
LIsa Anderson: You know, that is tough. And that, that certainly can be triggering but I really, I really appreciate it. Some of the things that you said as far as going outside. You know, drinking your cup of coffee, maybe just kind of gathering your thoughts, getting some fresh air.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, you're there with your family. So you have them. You guys have each other.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, I'm getting out when you can do exercise. Do you
Stevenk Campbell: Know,
Stevenk Campbell: You said you walk out. Definitely. Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: I do. I've got a weight bench out there. I also am a boxer I do boxing one. So we have the whole setup. My dad was a global global champion. SO I'VE BEEN BOXING since I was what
Stevenk Campbell: 10 years old so you know I do my training and all that I run the backyard in circles. But you know, I mean, it's that social distancing
Stevenk Campbell: So you got to keep yourself active, you know, you got to keep your health glory, because I like to run a lot, you know, I mean, so I do my runnings my laps in the back and
Stevenk Campbell: I do my training like my Golden Globe train in the back, you know, to me, my kickboxing in the back so you know I do stay active. That's one thing I do do
Stevenk Campbell: And I'm pretty much more basically a as a as a as an eater wise I don't eat too much meat, you know, the main i don't i don't really like too much meat. So I eat a lot of vegetables and I drink a lot of
Stevenk Campbell: Waters and juices that I make myself you know i mean like my VA to me. Most of those myself, besides the one I just went to God. And I mean, cuz
Stevenk Campbell: I gotta get a new recipe to it, I'm trying, I'm trying something new. What a different set of stuff. So, but, um, yeah I eat more vegetables and plants than anything, you know,
Stevenk Campbell: That's, that's how I pretty much basically keep myself going and keep my health there so
Stevenk Campbell: That was
LIsa Anderson: That's a big kind of piece for you for your recovery.
LIsa Anderson: Is your physical health, you know,
LIsa Anderson: The things outside. You know, you know, some of the people to avoid like you know some of your old friends if they're just getting out of jail, you're kind of knowing, maybe they're not the best people for you to ask for a ride.
Stevenk Campbell: A rubber ball.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah yeah well and and so you know you're you're aware of that. So that's, that's huge. That right there.
LIsa Anderson: Is huge and and I'm hearing you know your awareness to around kind of how you're adapting. Some of the things that you used to do.
LIsa Anderson: Versus okay you know you can't go to the gym. But maybe you're going to do boxing in your yard or, you know, work out in the garage. So okay me, keeping your physical health, you know, yeah, doing your juices.
LIsa Anderson: Okay.
LIsa Anderson: Okay. Well, for those you know those people, places and things that we talked about.
LIsa Anderson: You know that we talked about some of those kind of triggers as far as, you know, being cooped up or people that might be triggers for you.
LIsa Anderson: Um, what about, like, any, any emotional stuff that comes up for you. I know you mentioned if you if you feel too cooped up for too long, that that gets you going in a in a bad place.
Stevenk Campbell: So,
LIsa Anderson: So that's what are some of the emotions that come up for you around.
Stevenk Campbell: Like when I'm like when I'm secluded and it feels, it feels like I get cluttered. So everything like you're not. I mean, I have too much to think about on top of what I'm thinking about. So when I'm like, you know,
Stevenk Campbell: When I'm just posted I I have those uh those like bad thoughts of, you know, what's going on in my life right now. You know what I mean, like, is my relationship going to work. You know what I mean it's, it, it just triggers a lot of negativity.
Stevenk Campbell: You know what I mean.
Stevenk Campbell: As far as it is as far as like the the positivity that comes out, you know, I mean, because I wake up and say it's a beautiful morning every day. Do my prayer, real quick. And I mean, thank you for waking me up. Good deal.
Stevenk Campbell: Um, but if I'm like posted by one o'clock and I'm still in that same spot. I'm like, what am I doing with my life. You're not. I mean, like,
Stevenk Campbell: What am I going to go with this. Do I have do I have anything to do today to stay move stay active or no, I don't have anything to do today. So you know what I mean. What can I do to
Stevenk Campbell: Keep those things from popping up and it's mostly it's mostly the relationship. The most thing my son. I think about my son a lot and it's like, Man, I need to call them. I'm a girl over there, you know what I mean. But I can't do that in. And I mean, so, and it's like, and then
Stevenk Campbell: Sometimes, sometimes like during certain parts of the time of the year is basically like from from my birthday, which is in October to January.
Stevenk Campbell: Um, that's when all that stuff happened to me as a as a as a 17 year old. So those times of the year are just basically really the worst is times in a year, like, you know, especially, especially
Stevenk Campbell: Thanksgiving, cuz I usually was, you know, from 17 like from let me say it from eight years old to
Stevenk Campbell: 24 I was locked up every single every single Thanksgiving. Every single one. And most of most of the time, probably about 80% of the time I was in there on my birthday.
Stevenk Campbell: And then another 80% of those. I was in there on Christmas and New Year's. So those are just really the worst times but like through right now. I just got done with you normally done with
Stevenk Campbell: The January stuff. So now it's like, I really don't have too many emotions that pop up is just negative thinking as far as when I'm cooped up just negative thinking
Stevenk Campbell: You know what I mean is it. What can I do instead of doing this. Oh wait, I can go grab a bag and go sell it, you know, I mean, in the street and and you know bug out a little bit. But no, I can't.
Stevenk Campbell: No, I can't do that. I'm jeopardizing too much. I worked hard too hard for the things that I got now and the people that I have in my life. So no, I don't know, and then you
Stevenk Campbell: Know that's that's basically what happened that's
LIsa Anderson: What happens. Okay. And, you know, I can see that this could be a really good opportunity for you to, you know, that we can you know give you this extra support.
LIsa Anderson: That it sounds like you do have some good skills that you've relied on in the past but you know we're all adjusting to kind of this new reality so many
Stevenk Campbell: Things that
LIsa Anderson: You know worked for you in the past, you know, we can't do now. So, so we kind of want to adjust those
LIsa Anderson: You know, you talked about
LIsa Anderson: Some of those negative thoughts that come up, which
LIsa Anderson: You know, sure, totally, totally natural, you know, totally natural to have those thoughts you're you're human.
Stevenk Campbell: You know, we're only no man cry.
LIsa Anderson: That you can
LIsa Anderson: Give yourself that grace.
LIsa Anderson: You know those concerns are those those fears are those worries so
LIsa Anderson: I think one of the things that you know I would want to support you with is, you know, when those thoughts and when those natural thoughts or or if they start to, you know, be around to the side of
LIsa Anderson: You know what we mean by like irrational thoughts.
Stevenk Campbell: Right. Yeah, I do.
LIsa Anderson: You know where those natural worries just sort of spiral.
Stevenk Campbell: And they
LIsa Anderson: Just take you down that that spiral. Um, so, you know, I think kind of working with you to use some of those skills that you know that you already have that you've already been doing to kind of
LIsa Anderson: interrupt your thoughts before they kind of
Stevenk Campbell: Allows
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah. And, see, that's what I told. That's what I was telling Dr. A bro, um, you know, like most of the skills that you know most of the skills that people take for granted.
Stevenk Campbell: I'm one of the ones that take like I take those two heave you know cuz I've been living it for so long. You know what I mean. Sorry, I gotta plug up my phone.
Stevenk Campbell: You know, under man. I'm like,
Stevenk Campbell: One second. Yeah. A lot of people
Stevenk Campbell: In our group have, like, you know, negative, negative thinking and then they'll, they'll ask me, you know, I mean, I've been in the group for what almost a year now. So, and it's been going to
Stevenk Campbell: Those group meetings for about a year and you know it's been probably about one at once or twice, where I just want to say anything, like, you know what I mean, I'll just sit there and listen.
Stevenk Campbell: But, you know, more than half the time. Everything is everything is beautiful to me. You know what I mean I I had so much negativity and so much bad things happen in my life.
Stevenk Campbell: I can understand what most people are going through, because I've been through half of it. You know, we can never understand exactly what what's going to a person's mind or through their heart or, you know,
Stevenk Campbell: What they're actually really feeling, but I can actually really, you know, kind of take it into here and what they're doing with it, you're not. I mean, if they're thinking negative, I will, you know, I'll
Stevenk Campbell: I'll tell him you know i mean there's, there's, there's a better way to think about it. Because if you think about it too much.
Stevenk Campbell: Then you start to think wrong, especially if you're already thinking wrong you think way worse. Or you know what I mean. So it's like I've been through most of this counseling and end up canceling my my counselor.
Stevenk Campbell: I don't know how that happened. But it did. But, you know, we're like we said, we're only human mama. You know what I mean, and what we can do is just take the tools that we know from each other and and build on that.
Stevenk Campbell: So that that would be the best thing really basically it's just a person to talk to as a regular person that you know what i mean that we don't see. We don't see that has problems.
Stevenk Campbell: We see that we can actually build off of each other. That's what kind of person. I actually really am. You know what I mean. And that's what I use the live by. It's just positivity and if something's really wrong. I'll let you know. And I mean, and we'll go from there.
Stevenk Campbell: And
LIsa Anderson: And I can certainly appreciate that. So I think that, you know, that could could really kind of seems like that's worked well for you in the past and
LIsa Anderson: I think that's something we can work together on as far as you know when those thoughts you know they're they're natural, normal thoughts, you know, we can we can work through processing those we can work through you know do negative emotions come up with those thoughts.
LIsa Anderson: Let's talk about that. Let's flush that out, you know, let's see. And then, what's your response, you know, what's your, what's your next step, you know, are you going to take that and and go outside and have your cup of coffee. Are you going to take that and
LIsa Anderson: You know, go do a lap around the yard, you know, keeping those those really, you know, good choices. Those sober choices focused
LIsa Anderson: And go okay I'm in it, man. How are you, Stephen, do you go by Stephen
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah yeah
LIsa Anderson: Um, so let me ask you something. Um, you mentioned you mentioned that you've been going to the medication groups for about a year now, right, so that's that's going well for you.
LIsa Anderson: As far as, as far as those those monthly groups.
Stevenk Campbell: Weekly. Yeah.
Stevenk Campbell: They, they do.
Stevenk Campbell: They do you know they they do help you know i mean to, to, to actually be in a group that's online and in virtual reality that that's a really new experience.
Stevenk Campbell: To me, when I mean
Stevenk Campbell: But as far as like, you know, some, some, in some way, they kind of push people to, to, to, like, you know what I mean.
Stevenk Campbell: To try to advance and not a little bit too much. You know what I mean, which is it's a goal to get off of your, your medication and everything.
Stevenk Campbell: But it takes that person to actually really you know downsize themselves so it so there's I haven't really figured it out because I started really looking at it just recently.
Stevenk Campbell: From cuz I was, I was actually absent from the group for like three weeks. You know what I mean, because I was having to do some things
Stevenk Campbell: Some personal things that I had to take care of in a in my life so
Stevenk Campbell: And I was right before this this stuff happen. And then when I get back and I you know I let them know you're not. I mean that I haven't used or anything. You know what I mean, I haven't had the urge but you know
Stevenk Campbell: You know, I'm still I'm still coping with those skills because you know I have stopped on my own multiple times. And I mean, and then it just arouses and pops up around October. Yeah. And I mean, and then I'm going again for like a year or two.
Stevenk Campbell: You know what I'm saying. So
Stevenk Campbell: Those are like one things that I need to to actually recognize and And around that time. It's just been like that. There's i don't i don't see no other way of it changing
Stevenk Campbell: You know, that's just been, you know, those are the times that I blanked out in on. I mean, and and that year and
Stevenk Campbell: Next thing you know, I'm a, I'm a gangbanger I'm a drug dealer. I'm a fucking violent criminal. I'm in jail every other week. You know what I mean. And, and when I
Stevenk Campbell: When I actually started realizing that it was when I was 24 you know I'm 42 now so you know what I mean. I'm like, What the hell was I thinking. But why, why in the world does this keep coming back and back every, every year.
Stevenk Campbell: It's a traumatizing here.
LIsa Anderson: There. Yeah, let's put that out there for something that that we can explore together, you know, as far as interrupting that pattern. You know, you've made it through that that half of the year.
LIsa Anderson: And now we're, you know, we're on to kind of a fresh start. So let's keep you up with, you know, of course, with the groups of course with your medications.
LIsa Anderson: Are you doing or, you know, before all this kind of happened. Were you doing any sort of meetings or or support groups or anything like that.
Stevenk Campbell: I was actually running a group. I'm a in a CA group, you know, um, I was actually running a few groups at the time. That's what actually kind of helped me and sponsored a few more than a few people, you know,
Stevenk Campbell: So yeah, I was doing the group meetings, but I wasn't really seeing it as a group meeting. You know what I mean. I was actually seeing it as just, you know, those were people that actually started to care about for
Stevenk Campbell: For a while, you know what I mean. And and and look at as a friend, instead of as a, as a user, you know, so
LIsa Anderson: Right. Yes. As a person that you know you gain some support from and they gain support from you.
LIsa Anderson: So I guess you know from everything you've been telling me just that that support and kind of that connection to people is really important for you. So, um, yeah. And I would encourage you to use, you know, the weekly groups to
LIsa Anderson: You know, to participate, but also you know if there's times that you're, you know, listening and participating, you know that you're getting, you know, you're hearing that feedback, you know, from everybody else.
LIsa Anderson: So yeah you know i i feel like, you know, setting up some individual times for us to keep chatting can really help you, we can work together to, kind of, you know, keep you on the path.
LIsa Anderson: You know, some of the things that we've talked about as far as you know, the isolation or, you know, the distancing kind of kind of helping navigate that figure out some ways to kind of
LIsa Anderson: Modify that
LIsa Anderson: And then also kind of looking at those
LIsa Anderson: You know recovery skills that you've, you've already been using, you know that you've already
LIsa Anderson: Sounds like you've even shared with others.
LIsa Anderson: But
Stevenk Campbell: You've got to put them into your daily habits, really. And as soon as you do that, then you know you can actually
Stevenk Campbell: Tell some you will not tell them, but give them, give them that.
Stevenk Campbell: upbringing. You know what I mean that that that positive energy from that, from your experience because you can only talk about yourself in that you can't. You know what I mean.
Stevenk Campbell: Let them know that you don't understand that they're doing wrong. No, you're not. You know what I mean, you're, you're only human. We make mistakes daily every other second sometimes every other hour
Stevenk Campbell: Will knows. But you know what I mean. You can just tell them your experiences. And that's what I use the basically do is use most of our my experiences from my programs and
Stevenk Campbell: My groups and the good book to, you know, because some people spend more spiritual than others. And some people haven't never had counseling and one on ones. You know what I mean. I
Stevenk Campbell: Really didn't condone one on ones at one point in my life. But as soon as I started opening my eyes up. And because I'm, you know, I see, I see a lot of things as a prism.
Stevenk Campbell: So there's so many wonderful ways you can actually ingest something and take negativity and turn it into a positive. There's always just not that one route you always have a choice. And that's how I see things now is is
Stevenk Campbell: I have a choice. What, what to do with it. I can conceal it and keep it for myself or I can let it grow by itself.
Stevenk Campbell: You know what I mean. And that's what I like to do is actually, you know, if I hear something I can relate to. I'm gonna give them some good feedback, you know, that's just me.
Stevenk Campbell: You know what I mean. And if I don't think they're gonna take it. I won't say anything. You know, I mean, why waste my breath. I have I have feelings too.
Stevenk Campbell: So you know what what we can also like just build on is is sometimes I don't want to say anything unless I'm on stage. You know what I mean, unless I'm actually, you know, making a PowerPoint.
Stevenk Campbell: You know what I mean, I, I'm I used to be a very shy person. I wouldn't even I wouldn't talk right now. You know, I mean, but as you see, I've been working on different things to
Stevenk Campbell: To bring that out as as far as my recovery. And as far as my music is and getting it out there so people can actually really hear it is one of those goals, but I gotta be stable in here, first to do that.
Stevenk Campbell: You know what I mean, because I don't want to put out that negative message or any kind of way towards negative messages all positive. You know what I mean that it has to be beautiful so beautiful, so
LIsa Anderson: And I hear you know in in your perspective and you talked about, kind of, you know, waking up and having that prayer of
LIsa Anderson: You know thankfulness and
LIsa Anderson: You know, choosing your outlook.
LIsa Anderson: So you know I want this to be a place where we can talk about all of that, you know, we can talk about the good. We can talk about the bad we can talk about the boring.
LIsa Anderson: You know, we can talk about all of that and just for this to be a safe space for you to feel supported you know there's there's no judgment. There's no
LIsa Anderson: You know, so let's just, kind of, you know, you, we can be real and and kind of, you know, get to that stuff.
Stevenk Campbell: Sounds good to me.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, let's
Stevenk Campbell: Try and see how it goes.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, great. Wonderful. Um, and, and like I said, I apologize for that technological glitch earlier. So you got CC room and then were you just waiting for a while.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. We all three were after a minute. You know what I mean, because they had he had to
Stevenk Campbell: Pull people on to like try to get in touch with you and time. You know, I mean, because it was already past time plus they're waiting time. Right. That was like 15 to 20 minutes so you know before you even get into that room and then you go from there.
LIsa Anderson: Okay.
Stevenk Campbell: You know, but that's just how it is. Right now, everybody has a lot of things going on when and plus, they're, they're more
Stevenk Campbell: Alone now so now they can actually get online and confront every little single thing that's going on with it. Even if it's not big. It's not bad but all things are taken in consideration. That's the same so
LIsa Anderson: I apologize. I know I was just sitting here waiting I thought
LIsa Anderson: Boise, so I apologize for that glitch on my end.
Stevenk Campbell: And I really appreciate your
LIsa Anderson: Patience. I know a lot of people, if there are some outages, I think, is a lot more people are on zoom now so
LIsa Anderson: We can always find a way to chat by phone if we do experience any difficult technical difficulties. Hopefully we won't have to, but I think I'll get the hang of this. Next time I'm in
Stevenk Campbell: I'm allowed to give you a login. We've been doing this.
LIsa Anderson: I'm, I'm a licensed clinical social worker. So I've been a social worker or 10 years now.
Stevenk Campbell: 10 years
LIsa Anderson: Ago. Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: I've worked all with adults. I worked with
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, mostly men I worked with veterans. I've worked with veterans who have been involved with the jail and court system, helping them to, you know, work their program work their recovery.
LIsa Anderson: Work with that. So, so we want to keep you keep you out of that realm, but I've worked with yeah with adults around, you know, addiction issues around
LIsa Anderson: You know, emotional issues mental health issues, you know, navigating depression and in trauma and things like that. So I'm really kind of glad that I can help people now in this in this realm.
LIsa Anderson: By doing virtually so you know this seems like
LIsa Anderson: A wave of the future, but for you to be able to you know be comfortable in your space and in your safe space and I'm excited to get to see the patients now kind of in this in this realm.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah. Oh.
Stevenk Campbell: Alrighty. Very good.
LIsa Anderson: Stephen them. What's up, take a look. If you have an idea, kind of, of what would work for you. Does this day and time of the week work for you. Generally, or once
Stevenk Campbell: I'm Wednesday's actually Wednesday.
Stevenk Campbell: Okay. Wednesday is where perfect, you know, about the same time around five or six either either one would work.
Stevenk Campbell: But Wednesday's is good. I'm it
LIsa Anderson: Me too. Okay, can we do Wednesdays at five.
Stevenk Campbell: That sounds good.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, so that's going to be in, you'll get the email confirmation. So we'll put that for Wednesday, this coming Wednesday the eighth
Stevenk Campbell: Sure. Sounds good. Sounds good.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, so we'll do the
Stevenk Campbell: Oyster time
LIsa Anderson: Mountain time and you'll get the confirmation email and I'll get a little more familiar with this so we we won't have any glitches.
Stevenk Campbell: No problem, don't y'all get it. Okay.
Stevenk Campbell: Yeah, I'm here. I mean, I'll be here.
Stevenk Campbell: And I ain't going nowhere.
Stevenk Campbell: Okay, yeah, you sound like a really cool person saw well see how this goes.
LIsa Anderson: All right, great.
LIsa Anderson: I look forward to it.
Stevenk Campbell: Alright already got it locked down in mind.
Stevenk Campbell: My little advisor here. So we're ready to go.
Stevenk Campbell: I'll see you Wednesday. Then
Stevenk Campbell: Okay, have a beautiful night. Okay.
LIsa Anderson: Thank you, Steven useful.
Stevenk Campbell: All right. Bye mama. Bye bye.